<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<style type="text/css">
  body {
    margin: 40px auto;
    max-width: 650px;
    line-height: 1.6;
    font-size: 18px;
    color: #444;
    padding: 0 10px
  }

  h1,
  h2,
  h3 {
    line-height: 1.2
  }
</style>

<body>
    <h2>🍔 - Layer 12: A Sponsored Story</h2>

	Harry opened his computer screen and felt the heavy tinge of irony in the air. UberCorp had clawed its way into his abdominal cavity and was finding new and creative ways for him to use its services. He felt like a hearty Chinese soup - the Chinese had long since assimilated all the flavours under its belt, switching plastic wares for chemicals and artificial flavouring. In fact, simply gazing upon the delicately written Chinese characters was enough to render the flavours in the minds of most. It's not that Harry enjoyed Chinese food, per se - it's that it had somehow embedded itself into his mind. 
	
	He opened the app and started scrolling through the listings. Ming's Wonton Palace. Golden Lotus. Purple Dragon World. The more he looked the less he wanted to eat. 
	
	Harry decided to leave the house and go for a nice walk in the neighbourhood. As he walked he heard the hearty yelp of people in their homes. He smelt home cooking and heard English chatter slowly degrading to Foreign. He became accustomed to the gentle rhythm of his footsteps and the water trickling in the sewers underneath. 
	
	Eventually he found his way to a cartoonish establishment where two empty chairs sat. By this time the sun was blocked out by some unseen object towering overhead. He did not think much of it. He sat down and found a bunch of special looking darts, then spotting a dartboard. 
	
	Harry wasn't feeling this and just sat down. Someone had conveniently placed a pack of cigarettes on the table and he took one and placed it into his mouth. However, he had no lighter. It was at this moment that he felt an intense craving for McDonalds and immediately stood up, looking for the nearest establishment he could find. For he was no longer in control of his legs - the invisible strings of McRonald had finally worked their magic and rewritten the foreign characters into healthy English. 
	
	At this point Harry didn't know exactly where he was, and began the slow trod to the nearest McDonalds. He knew that the golden arches would loom far above any building long before he spotted the doors. But he did not know in which direction to walk. He decided to continue up the hill and use his keen sense and intuition to find the establishment. "McSense" he thought to himself with a small chuckle.
	
	As he kept walking, Harry noticed a deepening sense of unease with every step he took. It had been about 5 minutes and he had walked past two Starbucks, but not a single McDonalds had appeared. Harry's brain decided to turn the unease into full-on fear and started playing some Scarywave music on his earphones. Slowly he watched the used car lots and mechanics turn into a pastel of plastic-looking colours. 
	
	Harry eventually finds the McDonalds and orders his burgers. Finally a bite to eat. He eats his food and feels the claws of satisfaction grip his body. A life well lived.
	
	The next day, Harry decides that he will try his luck on Tinder. After swiping over 10 girls, the algorithm decided that he was no longer worthy of sex and bathed his profile picture in a red light. This made Harry all the more eager to use the app, as deep inside him lived the spirit of an old hermit. Harry kept swiping until the Tinder spaceship decided not to render any more girls. No matter, he thought as he realized this. He opened another app and resumed swiping while munching on a McApple. 
	
	-----
	
	<h2>🍔 A Sudden Turn Of Events </h2>
	Harry awoke several days later surrounded by the confetti of indulgence. Burger wrappers of all types and colours littered his bedroom. He felt exhausted and yet accomplished from what must have been quite the feast. In the corner sat a lone gold-wrapped prophelactic. Harry decided to pay tribute to the gods of plastic and spent about 10 minutes nutting inside it. After that, he felt like drinking more coffee and maybe heading out of his basement. 
	
	
	
	
	
	
</body>
</html>
